do I have to do this whatever my name is
Jo Barthel and I have a problem I
probably started I would say maybe two
or three years ago you know a lot of the
guys were using in a lot of my friends
were using it I saw that it was working
they were having fun I mean they were
getting everything they wanted out of it
so uh you know just naturally thought
hey I gotta take it too I mean I had no
idea at the time that it would turn into
what it is now you know I liked it it
worked for me I had no idea my passion
and my love for this I didn't think it
was gonna take over my life like it has
but you know I don't know why they're
making me come here or why they're
making me say this but it has changed my
life you know I have nothing bad to say
about it you know that might be true but
to be honest you know five grams was
good wasn't enough and you know that's
when I'm raised it you know I raised it
from five I went up to ten
then I went to 20 and that's when I
realized that there is no limitations to
what I can take so I boosted it up
dramatically I mean I'm taking anymore
from five six seven thousand grams a day
so and it's working well for me but you
know what people that understand is the
fact that you know it has the ability to
do so much in fact you know Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris takes it that says a lot
right there it's hard for me to guess me
but it probably did save my life four or
five times you know and it's so simple
to take it just post-workout and when
you explore with yourself with your body
and you're at the stage of your life in
time do you want to try to think so I
mean I'll sometimes dip it you know I've
injected it in various places I mean
I've done the whole eyelid trick thank
you keep paying for that doesn't go it
doesn't go too well through the ear but
I've tried probably every method and by
far my favorite is this probably just
just objective it works really well for
me
stereotypes yeah I mean there's always
going to be stereotypes which many
people say that hey you're not natural
we're using you say you're a natural
athlete natural bodybuilder trying on
all this stuff but you're taking seven
thousand grams a day the truth is it is
what it is you know I'm not going to
deny and yeah I'm I'm a user you know
I'm the user man you know I don't regret
anything you know I live my life one
scoop at a time so I really don't take
back anything that I've done it cures a
lot of things you know how friends
cancer AIDS herpes you know everything
like that in fact Dan Burt took it and
if Dan bird takes it we should all take
it so it's definitely revolutionary
Justin Bieber I mean I don't hate the
guy but there's no way he's taking it my
name is Jared Barthel and I take
creatine thanks